The son of the Song Group responded in person
Means everything about everything
It's all self-inflicted
And admitted his mistake
I will no longer contact Miss Shen Yuning.
And apologize to Miss Xue
To jointly safeguard their marriage to Miss Xue Lan
I won.
Hello
Congratulations to Miss Xue
Song Zeyu's fiancee is relieved of the big worry
It doesn't have to be that way.
Isn't that something to celebrate?
Yes
But what's your business?
Aren't you Song Zeyu's good brother?
Why are your elbows still turning out?
You don't want to know too much.
Maybe we will work together in the future
You are not afraid
Do I tell him everything?
I believe Miss Xue
It is a reliable partner